Improve Blob, file, and stream method documentation (#641)
sindresorhus/file-type: readme.md

### fileTypeFromFile(filePath)

> This method can only be used if the JavaScript engine is Node.js.
> To read from a [File](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/File), please see [fileTypeFromBlob(blob)](#filetypefromblobblob).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is for Node.js only.

To read from a [`File` object](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/File), use [`fileTypeFromBlob()`](#filetypefromblobblob).
```

Reviewer: And it should be moved to below `The file type is detected by checking`

### fileTypeFromStream(stream)

> Detect the file type of a [Web API ReadableStream](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ReadableStream).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detect the file type of a [Web `ReadableStream`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ReadableStream).
```

> If, and only if the engine used is Node.js, this may also be a [Node.js readable stream](https://nodejs.org/api/stream.html#stream_class_stream_readable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the engine is Node.js, this may also be a [Node.js readable stream](https://nodejs.org/api/stream.html#stream_class_stream_readable).
```

> Support for Node.js streams maybe dropped in the future, when Node.js streams can be converted to Web streams (see [toWeb()](https://nodejs.org/api/stream.html#streamreadabletowebstreamreadable-options)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct support for Node.js streams will be dropped in the future, when Node.js streams can be converted to Web streams (see [`toWeb()`](https://nodejs.org/api/stream.html#streamreadabletowebstreamreadable-options)).
```

### fileTypeFromBlob(blob)

> Detect the file type of a [Blob](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Blob),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detect the file type of a [`Blob`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Blob).
```

> and therefor it can also be used for a [File](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/File).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!TIP]
> A [`File` object](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/File) is a `Blob` and can be passed in here.
```

### fileTypeFromBlob(blob)

> Detect the file type of a [Blob](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Blob),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detect the file type of a [`Blob`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Blob),
```

> [!TIP]
> > A [`File` object](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/File) is a `Blob` and can be passed in here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[!TIP]
> A [`File` object](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/File) is a `Blob` and can be passed in here.
```

A custom detector is a function that allows specifying custom detection mechanisms.

An iterable of detectors can be provided via the `fileTypeOptions` argument for the `FileTypeParser` constructor.

> In Node.js you should use `NodeFileTypeParser`, extending `FileTypeParser`, providing access to Node.js specific functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Node.js, you should use `NodeFileTypeParser`, which extends `FileTypeParser` and provides access to Node.js specific functions.
```
